the following upload is scheduled for
around three minutes long in his brother
by Sean's view in attainment on youtube
com where it is always prolific
consistent and dedicated make sure to
like this video and subscribe the rumor
mill has been red hot ever since last
night's WWE Raw when John Cena suffered
a broken bloody nose at the hands of the
current reigning defending WWE World
Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins up to
this point there has been a lot of
question rumors down in speculation and
if WWE will now punish punish Seth
Rollins put him on the back burner or D
push or D push him however that has yet
to be confirmed at one point there was
small talk that Cena was a bit mad at
Rollins for the botched spot but it said
Cena understands that anything can
happen at any time especially in the
heat of the moment that's why maybe John
Cena was a little frustrated and there
is no hard feelings from Cena keep in
mind John Cena has reportedly been much
more vocal lately in regards to giving
younger WWE talents a shot in some of
the spotlight Johnson has been standing
up for the youth of the company the
cesaro's the Kevin Owens the Seth
Rollins is the Dean Ambrose the CM
ezines the list goes on and on and
that's why John Cena is the United
States Champion so you got to give John
Cena credit for that in fact John Cena
is a supporter of the WWE World
Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins and
loves to work with him in the ring as
they have great chemistry at this point
in time it does not appear Cena will
look to ruin Rollins reputation however
with WWE having big plans for John Cena
this summer as the rumors state WWE was
going to repost Cena into the main event
however if the nose injury proves to be
much more significant than this could
have a dramatic ripple effect on
storylines going into summer slim right
now triple H is a big supporter of
Rollins while Vince McMahon is a big
supporter of John Cena so we will see if
there is any truth to this in second if
Seth Rollins will be in the doghouse
because of this incident but it cannot
be blamed on John Cena keep in mind John
Cena is dead set on wanting to push
younger talent and make them shine Cena
in Rollins have had great matches in the
past and last night was seen as an
unfortunate accident so ladies and
gentlemen your comments and your
opinions do you think it was intentional
was it an accident was it meant to
happen wrong place wrong time was Seth
Rollins too stiff do you think Seth
Rollins will be the doghouse will there
be any heat on Seth Rollins will Seth
Rollins lose the WWE World title a lot
sooner because of this is it fear is it
unfair is triple H going to stand up for
Rollins is Vince going to send up a
triple each is there going to be a big
problem or is just this going to be
amounting to be nothing more than just a
mistake your comments your opinions
subscribe